Travel Wishlist Application
A Node.js-based web application that allows users to register, log in, and create a wishlist of travel destinations. The application features user authentication with passport and stores data in a MongoDB database.

Features
User Authentication: Register and log in using secure password hashing with passport-local-mongoose.
Wishlist Management: Add, view, and manage travel destinations in your wishlist.
Responsive Design: User-friendly interface with templates built using Handlebars (hbs).
Technologies Used
Backend: Node.js, Express.js
Database: MongoDB, Mongoose
Authentication: Passport.js
Templating: Handlebars (hbs)
Installation
Follow these steps to set up and run the project locally:

1. Clone the Repository
bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/travel-wishlist.git
cd travel-wishlist
2. Install Dependencies
Install the required Node.js packages:
npm install
3. Install MongoDB
Ensure you have MongoDB installed. You can download it from MongoDB's official website or install it via package managers:


Required Dependencies
This project uses the following key dependencies:

Package	Command to Install
Express.js	
npm install express
Mongoose	
npm install mongoose
Passport.js
npm install passport passport-local
Passport-local-mongoose	
npm install passport-local-mongoose
Session Management	
npm install express-session
Handlebars (HBS)	
npm install hbs
Project Structure

Copy code
├── models/
│   └── userModel.js        # User schema and Passport configuration
├── routes/
│   ├── index.js            # Main application routes
│   ├── users.js            # User authentication routes
│   └── wishlist.js         # Wishlist management routes
├── views/
│   ├── partials/           # Reusable UI components
│   ├── login.hbs           # Login page
│   ├── register.hbs        # Registration page
│   └── wishlist.hbs        # Wishlist page
├── public/                 # Static files (CSS, images, etc.)
├── app.js                  # Main application entry point
├── package.json            # Project metadata and dependencies
└── README.md               # Project documentation
Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Feel free to fork the repository and submit pull requests.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Contact
If you have questions or suggestions, feel free to contact me at harshdeepsdhillon1@gmail.com.

